.
- I want to introduce you
to some people.
If I can make things
happen for you,
you damn well better believe
I will.
- If it's all the same,
I'd rather lay low,
grab a drink with my guys.
- You wanna connect
a sledgehammer
to a halligen bar?
- You wanna mig weld it.
- It's a Slamigen.
- We're gonna be rich.
- Zach broke up with me.
- Let's stay in.
Just you and me.
- Anna, she was her best when
the two of you were together.
- Cancer's in my bones.
My odds are not good.
- No, baby.
- It's good to see
Antonio again.
♪
- Hey.
- Morning.
- It's 7:15.
You'd better get a move on.
- Oh, I slept through
my alarm.
Did, um...
- Antonio headed out.
Said not to wake you.
- Oh.
Okay.
Just give me ten minutes, okay?
- I understand.
No, I just--
I really don't think I can
make it tomorrow.
I wish I could.
It looks like I gotta work.
Okay, yeah.
I appreciate it.
Listen, we'll talk soon, okay?
I gotta run.
Bye.
- I just thought I heard you
say you work tomorrow, too.
- Uh, no.
It's...
- Okay.
♪
Uh, you driving this morning,
or we taking separate cars?
- No, I can drive.
- Good, 'cause my heater
conked out.
♪
- Crack of dawn.
- Yeah, sure.
It hurts.
- A little present for myself.
It's my squadaversary.
- He made rescue squad
on this date nine years ago.
- Exactly.
- Didn't you have to go back
for retraining seven years ago?
- Once in squad,
always in the squad.
- Well, move it on down.
I don't want us bumping knees.
- Well, look at this.
- It's no longer
the squad table.
This is now officially the
Gabriela Dawson nap time area.
- I knew this was a bad idea.
[laughter,
sirens beeping]
- Truck 81, ambulance 61,
car accident,
91 South Oakley Boulevard.
♪
- Whoa!
- Hey, hey, hey!
Wait, wait, wait!
Wait, whoa!
Sir, do not move!
- My head is bleeding.
- Okay, but if you move,
the car can drop
and make any injuries
you have worse.
Otis, Kidd, support the high
side with cribbing stacks
and paratech struts.
Mouch, Herrmann, stabilize
the low side with cribbing.
- Yep.
- Copy that.
♪
You okay in there?
- Driver's eyes are open.
She's not talking.
Looks like no airbags.
Steering wheel could have
concussed her.
- She could be in shock.
♪
- Her name's Holly.
Boylan.
And I'm Scott.
♪
- I'd like to know that myself.
Tell them, honey.
How'd it happen?
- I, um--a shopping cart was
rolling by itself
across the lot.
It was about to bang into us.
I just--I...
turned the wheel,
and my foot must have slipped.
Careful!
- Gotta brace your foot.
Just--
- No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Get this stupid thing off me.
♪
- Ma'am, don't move your head
until we get
your neck stabilized.
- He--he--
I'm sorry about all this.
♪
- Happens all the time.
- Maybe not quite like this,
but trust me,
we've seen worse.
- Yeah.
♪
- Is there anything else
you wanna tell me?
♪
- I can't.
- No, you don't need to check
my vitals; I'm fine.
- He refused treatment.
I told him there could be
internal injuries,
but he insisted.
♪
- Yeah.
- We're going to Chicago Med.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Hold on, hold on.
She's gonna be fine.
We're just gonna wait
in the tow truck.
- No, she's not fine.
She has a head injury,
and we're taking her to Med.
- Hey, she can refuse care
just like I did, right?
Right?
Holly, just tell them
you refuse care.
- Sir, can I talk to you
for a second?
♪
- Stay right here.
What?
♪
- Look at your car.
You ever seen anything
like that?
Herrmann, Mouch,
you've been doing this a while.
You ever seen one like this?
- Eh, definitely a first.
- Ditto.
♪
I wasn't even looking.
I was on my phone.
Next--
Hey, wait a minute!
What--
What is this?
- We're gonna check on
the wellbeing of your wife.
She'll be at Chicago Med.
Or, since you refuse treatment,
you can wait here for the cops.
I'm sure they're gonna
want to talk to you.
♪
Let's go.
Pack it up.
♪
- Everyone's jealous.
- What are you gonna do
when third shift comes in?
- Put a sign on it that says,
"Off limits."
- We had a call.
- Well, there's a sales meeting
apparently happening
that I don't know about.
- Oh, yeah, that's right.
- Oh, yeah.
- Hey!
- Nick Porter!
- Hey, Julian!
- Gentlemen, Julian.
- Hey, thanks for
bringing us on.
- Uh, I apologize.
You guys showed up,
and I didn't know we were
already bringing people on.
With shirts, apparently.
- Well, I was talking
to my buddy, Nick,
about your brilliant invention.
And he said he was looking
for a new product to rep.
- It just so happens that
Julian and I were talking
over at Chief's house,
and we thought,
why don't we have two salesmen
out in the field?
- How are we gonna pay
for all this?
- Don't worry about that, Cruz.
You gotta spend it to earn it.
- I have been spending it
just to make
a few more prototypes.
- We can discuss this later.
The important thing
about this meeting
is that our sales force
gets their marching orders.
- Fantastic.
So, uh, Nick and
I were talking.
We thought maybe we could start
with the Midwest model.
I take everything below
Indianapolis.
Kansas City, St. Louis.
- Yeah, I'll take your
Minnesotas,
your Wisconsins,
your Michigans, Ohio.
- Yeah, we think there's real
money to be made.
We just gotta land a few orders
and you'll be talking profits
instead of expenses.
- Exactly.
You know the last time
I saw something like this?
♪
The Snuggie.
- Yup.
♪
- I saw your brother-in-law
here.
- Yes, he thinks he sees
Slamigan money
falling from trees.
Told him I don't wanna hear
anything about it.
Something on your mind,
Captain?
- Yeah, yeah.
A call we had this morning.
Car wreck.
Wife driving, husband in
the passenger's seat.
They were fine, except when I
went to put the C-collar on,
she had bruises that weren't
from the accident.
They were fading,
on her neck.
I got the license plate.
I was thinking about
calling Antonio.
But, uh, it wasn't a lot
to go on.
I'm waiting for Dawson
to get back from Med
to compare notes.
- Okay.
Call Antonio.
But I wanna make this clear.
After that...
It's a police matter.
- Of course.
- Her head's fine.
- I saw them.
I don't like them.
But the patient said
she slipped getting out
of the bath tub.
- I'm not a lie detector.
That's my brother's department.
If she doesn't want--
- No, we're leaving!
- Ma'am, ma'am, you need
to stay for observation.
- She's leaving.
This isn't a fascist country.
Yet.
We can go when we want.
- It is our serious
recommendation that you--
- Sir, your wife
suffered a head injury.
We should keep her here until--
- Yeah, you know, I suffered
a head injury, too.
You don't see me
bitching about it.
She's fine, obviously.
- Hey, why don't you think
about your wife for a minute?
♪
- Okay, I know what this is.
Yeah, you get in
one little accident,
and you got medical bills
out the wazoo.
Just so the insurance companies
can really stick it to you.
You think I don't have enough
to deal with
with a car that's now totaled?
Who's gonna pay my deductable
on that?
- If this is a financial thing,
we can--
- Oh, you people.
You don't get it!
All one big system,
just sticking it to everyone!
You write down whatever it is
you need to write down.
We refuse treatment.
Let's go, Holly.
- Yeah, well,
I need to hear it from her.
♪
- I feel fine, doctor.
I'd like to go home.
♪
- Excuse me.
Thank you.
.
- Well, she refused treatment,
but you could tell
she didn't have a choice.
She's terrified of him.
- I called Antonio
with the license plate.
- No, he offered to send
an officer to their address
to check it out,
but I've seen how that
sort of thing can backfire.
I told him I'd like
to swing by myself first.
- Good.
If there's anybody who can
convince her to get help,
it's you.
- Yeah, well,
I don't know about that.
But I've gotta try.
- Hey, do you guys have
any cold or flu medicine
on the ambo?
- 'Cause I might have
a cold or flu.
- Ooh, not today.
Go quarantine yourself.
- Oh, thank you for
the bedside manner.
- You know how those things
blitz through the firehouse.
I'm already running on empty.
Check the jump--
- Ah!
Choo.
- Go.
- Maybe.
- Brisket.
- Mmm.
I left my gloves in your car.
- Uh, keys are on the desk
in my office.
- Cool.
- All right.
♪
- They're waterproof.
- Yeah.
- Not water resistant.
It's pretty impressive.
- Yeah.
- But the size of it,
the sheer si--
Hey, you want a sandwich?
I left out the--
- No, I don't want a sandwich.
I wanna know what the deal is
with the Slamigan.
The deal is,
we're gonna get rich.
- See, that's just it.
We have no deal.
- Sure, we do!
A handshake deal.
- There hasn't been
a handshake!
There's been no handshake.
- You don't wanna partner
with us?
No, I do.
I just...
You guys move so fast.
There's already sales reps
and, uh, logo shirts, and--
- That reminds me.
All right.
♪
- Mouch and I were talking,
and this is your company, Joe.
I mean, yeah, sure,
we got a little, you know,
spending money to invest.
But it's your ingenuity--
your grit--
that got this thing
on its feet.
So you be the chairman and take
51% of the company, okay?
- Herrmann and I will split
the other 49%.
- There wouldn't be a Slamigan
without all of your help
on those prototypes.
♪
Brett gets ten percent
of the company.
- Well, I guess she deserves
a little--
- From your share.
- That's perfectly reasonable.
- Aww, I've never owned
any part of a--
♪
- I think she got overwhelmed
by your generosity, Joe.
So let's talk about
outgoing expenses.
♪
Oh, sorry about that.
I shouldn't have looked
at that chicken salad sandwich.
- You want me to take 61
out of service
so you can rest a minute?
- No, I'm fine now.
I think I got it out
of my system.
This may be psychosomatic after
Otis said he had the flu.
- I think so.
I mean, one minute I'm achy
and tired and nauseated.
The next, I feel fine.
I don't know what's going on.
I felt the same way
this morning.
Yesterday, too.
- Brett.
♪
- You sound pregnant.
- Oh.
Oh.
♪
Antonio?
- Smell that meat all the way
to Firehouse 21.
What are you doing?
Slow cooking brisket?
- Yeah, about five more hours.
- Yeah, well, I got here
too early, then.
Okay.
Look, I know I might have come
on a little strong
this past month.
Well, I've always been a bull
in a china shop.
And the china, too,
come to think of it.
- Uh-huh.
- All right,
this is me extending my hand
saying I'm in your corner.
Good.
And you're gonna love this.
I'm having dinner with
the Deputy Commissioner.
- Frank's an old friend
of mine.
Steve Mitchell and Gil Tanner
from City Hall.
All very good people to know.
- No, I don't--
- No pressure.
But these aren't mouthpieces.
These are your kind of people.
Hard workers.
Trying to make Chicago
stronger.
You don't like politics.
I get that.
But there may come a time where
you may need something
from the city
or the department,
and it helps to be able
to call a friendly face.
- Tomorrow night.
- 7:30.
I'll text you the details.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
- Great.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Send some of this barbecue
to 21.
Mrs. Boylan.
It's Captain Casey
from Firehouse 51.
I just wanted to check in
and see how you're doing
after the accident
this morning.
- Please, my husband
is upstairs.
If he finds out
I was talking to you--
- I know what you're
dealing with.
I watched someone very close
to me go through it.
♪
- Thank you for your concern,
Captain.
Good-bye.
- Holly...
There are places you can go
to get help.
♪
- No one can help me.
.
- It's clear she lives
in total fear of this guy.
Worse than that,
she's given up all hope.
- I ran Scott Boylan's ID.
Turns out we've had a few
run-ins with him.
CPD was dispatched
to his residence
on two separate occasions.
- Yeah, I responded twice
to those calls
back when I was in uniform.
Both domestic related.
- Great.
- The first call
a neighbor phoned in
saying he heard a disturbance.
When we got to the door,
guy meets us halfway
down the sidewalk,
tells us this is
a waste of time.
Wife comes out,
says she slipped
in the bath tub.
- We didn't.
She was convincing.
- This is exactly the problem,
Chief.
- No victim, no crime.
We can't make an arrest
without a complainant.
- About a month later,
we get a 911 call.
Same house,
but it was a hang up.
- The call went through to 911,
but no one was on the line.
Dispatch sends a uniform by
to be sure.
I recognize the house
as soon as we roll up.
Wife says she was dialing 411
but her finger slipped.
But she's cradling her
midsection,
and her husband's got
bruised up knuckles.
- Tell me you arrested him
that time.
- Yeah,
Atwater put the cuffs on him,
over the wife's objections.
But, look, I don't know what
happened after that--
If he pled or the charges
were dropped,
because there never
was a trial.
- This guy's gotta go down.
♪
How do we put
an end to this?
- You tried talking
to the wife.
I'll try talking
to Boylan himself.
If I catch a whiff
of probable cause,
I'll drag him in.
If not--
- If not...
At least he'll know
he's got eyes on him.
- That's the idea.
Now sit tight till
we get back to you.
- Hey.
I'd love nothing more
than to put bracelets
on this guy again.
♪
- We were so careful.
I don't understand.
- Well, you know,
let's not jump
to any conclusions until
we get to Med.
Grab a test.
- We can't go to Med.
No way.
Take me to a pharmacy.
Somewhere out of our district.
- Hospital tests are way better
indicators--
Nope, you're right.
Pharmacy's a much better idea.
Uh...
Best one.
♪
Uh, can I, uh...
- Need to see if my husband
knocked me up.
- Oh, uh, okay.
18 dollars and 42 cents.
♪
Ma'am?
Uh, Ma'am?
- Keep the change.
♪
Hey.
You okay?
♪
- No.
Here's the thing.
Knowing is better
than not knowing.
- I can't be pregnant, Gabby.
♪
- When we come to it.
Come on.
♪
- Uh-oh.
This is not good.
- Hey, Otis, buddy, do you
think you could cover
my rent this month?
It's just a floater
until the next paycheck.
- Of course.
- Uh, nothing, it's just that I
was writing so many checks
making the prototype,
I guess I lost track.
Funds are in the danger zone.
- Oh, well, hey, listen.
Mouch and I will pay our share.
- What, no.
No, no way.
I'm the CEO and the chairman.
And like you said,
you gotta spend it to make it.
So, I spent it.
Now I just gotta trust
we make it.
- That doesn't seem right.
- Hey, give me a call if you
hear from Nick or Julian.
- What--Sure, but you know,
that might take a--
little time.
You need help with that?
- Hah.
Did Hank Aaron need help
hitting home runs?
- Oh, so you're calling
your shot?
- That was Babe Ruth.
- Eh.
Hey, so, when I went to go
grab the keys--
and I swear I wasn't snooping.
I saw the letter
on your desk.
♪
From Springfield.
Why aren't you going?
♪
- It's just not a good idea.
- Of course it's a good idea.
♪
You--You don't think
you can handle it?
♪
- Maybe you should stay
out of this, okay?
♪
- I know you pretty well,
Kelly.
♪
And you can.
You can handle it.
♪
In fact...
You have to.
I'm gonna go, too.
You can thank me later.
♪
There he is.
Hey, did you call
the cops on me?
Huh?
'Cause I'm gonna rip
your stinkin' head off!
- What, do you beat your wife,
tough guy?
- Hey, you go to hell.
- Oh, come on!
See what it's like
when someone hits back.
- Stay out of my business.
- Hey, get in your car,
get the hell out of here,
or I'll let him kick your ass.
- Hell with all of you.
♪
Next time you won't
see me coming.
- I'm right here, pal.
- Enough!
You!
Leave now.
♪
.
- We went by there
and talked to them both.
She sang the same old song.
"I slipped in the bath tub."
"I fell down the stairs."
Our hands are tied here.
- He threatened me.
Arrest him for that.
I press charges.
There were a half
dozen witnesses.
- Yeah, I was standing
right there.
- Look, if that's
what you wanna do, absolutely.
Could jam him up for 90 days if
he doesn't have a good lawyer.
In and out, if he does.
- Maybe we can get him
away from her,
even for a short time,
talk to her alone.
- There are a number
of no-contact women's shelters.
- Look, you have to know--
and trust me when I say
I've dealt with this before--
If she doesn't wanna go,
she's not going.
Doesn't matter how many
brochures we give her
or if we walk her inside
the front door.
She has to decide
she wants it.
- The parking lot,
she was behind the wheel.
He was looking down
at his phone.
She swerved and floored it
over a cluster of pylons.
I don't think
it was an accident.
Soon as we got the husband
out of the vehicle,
she looked at me with
desperation in her eyes.
She's desperate.
I felt it.
She's looking for a lifeline.
I'd like to give her one
before he kills her.
- Okay.
We have our marching orders.
- I'll talk to Richardson
in violent crimes.
And this woman I know,
Charlene,
she's a Victim Information
and Referral Advocate.
We'll make our pitch to her.
- Thanks.
- Okay.
♪
- Let us know if we can do
anything else.
- Yeah.
♪
- Okay, I'll do that.
- Hey, there she is.
- I'll take that.
Good to see you, Antonio.
- Hey, sis.
- I'm gonna call Sarge.
Let him know what we're doing.
- Yeah, good.
Hey.
Sorry I took off earlier.
But you were so cute there
with your eyes closed
all snuggled up.
- Oh, yeah.
Well, I, um...
- I hope it's okay.
I mean, if I wasn't on duty,
I'd have stayed all day.
♪
- I don't know.
- It's okay.
Hey, what is it?
- Antonio, I have to--
- Truck 81, Squad 3,
Ambulance 61,
525 West Cullerton.
- Yeah.
- That's their house,
the guy,
Scott Boylan,
the wife beater.
- Let's go.
♪
- Truck 81, take the rear
and check the first floor.
Rescue Squad, primary search
on the second floor.
51, let's get a hose line
on that fire.
- Otis, you and Mouch
vent the roof.
Herrman, Kidd, with me.
Clear rooms and work our way up
to assist Rescue Squad.
- Capp, Tony, you head upstairs
and clear the bedrooms
on the north side.
Cruz, stick with me.
We'll clear the south.
- Okay, we have reason
to believe the house is owned
by the man who tried to
mix it up with Casey
on the apron floor.
He may be on scene.
He may be violent.
Let's go, let's go, let's go!
♪
- Tony, Capp,
clear those rooms.
- Copy!
- Cruz, with me.
- Chief, the second floor's
fully engulfed.
- Copy.
- Fire department!
Call out!
Go that way.
- Copy!
♪
- Fire department, call out!
- Fire department!
Call out!
♪
- There is no way out.
.
- Dawson, Brett!
We've got a male, 30's,
breathing, unconscious,
on his way to you!
- Copy.
We're standing by.
- Team, second floor
fire is contained.
♪
- Holly.
Listen to me.
♪
I know you wanna talk.
I know that's why
you wrecked the car.
Why you did this.
♪
The person that went through
this that I knew,
it was my mom.
♪
And she went to prison
for a long time,
for the way she handled it.
Now, you can go down
that same road,
or you can walk into
a no-contact shelter.
But it gets better.
I promise you.
♪
You have an entire life to live
that you can't even see yet.
♪
- Thank you.
- He's got a deep laceration
on the side of his head.
Second, third degree burns.
Minor smoke inhalation.
♪
- Brett.
- Um, lung sounds are
slightly stridor,
but sats are good.
- Hey, uh, how'd he
get that gash?
♪
- Saw him fall in the fire.
- Yeah, exactly.
Hit his head
on the bed post.
- That's good enough for me.
♪
- Fire's out!
Secondary search complete
and negative, Chief!
- Okay, let's get back in there
to help them overhaul.
Let's go.
- Copy that, Chief.
♪
- Hey, Nick Porter
just texted me.
He already has
a purchase order.
Oh, thank God!
How many Slamigans?
- Otis, hold off on that loan,
buddy.
- You got it.
- He doesn't say the details.
Says he's sending a fax
to the firehouse.
- All right.
- Oh, boy.
- We'll reimburse the
department for ink and, uh,
paper, of course.
Did you change your hair?
I like that.
- It's pretty.
- Looks nice.
- Oh.
- I'm sure it's
a small firehouse.
Yeah, in Appleton.
♪
- 51% of 330 is--
- $168.30.
- Ooh.
- Well, minus the commission,
too.
But, hey, you know what?
Come on, Joe.
We'll buy you breakfast.
- Yeah.
I'm sure Denny's has
a Grand Slam-igan.
♪
- Not cool!
- Hey.
Burgess called,
told me that she talked
to the Monmouth Women's Shelter
and that they have a spot open.
Holly Boylan accepted.
- That's great.
- Yeah.
She also told me that
the husband is conscious.
He is not pressing charges.
- I should have seen it
coming, Chief.
I knew she was at
the end of her rope.
- Enough of that.
You did good.
Come on.
- Put it in gear, roomie.
♪
- I'm just so glad
you could make it.
- Well, I'm glad to be here.
- This--this wouldn't even
have been possible
if Kelly hadn't started
the ball rolling.
- Ah, well,
you took the reins.
I wish I could have done more.
- Oh, you did plenty.
- It is my pleasure to open the
Anna Turner Children's Nursery
as part of our care and support
of the families of children
going through cancer treatment.
Anna Turner was a bright light
in this facility.
And what this nursery does
is spreads that light--
that hope--
that radiance she embodied.
♪
- I don't know what you mean.
I'm a born navigator.
- Yeah, well,
we'll agree to disagree.
♪
Hey,
thanks for getting me there.
♪
- Any time you need someone
to support you,
I'm your girl.
♪
- I know.
- Have you been
to the Harlo Diner?
♪
They have the best milkshakes.
- It's--
- They're good.
- It's, like, 20 degrees out.
- I am just throwing
it out there.
♪
- I--No, I can't.
I, uh...
♪
I agreed to a dinner with
Grissom
and some of
these Chicago bigwigs.
And I'm barely gonna
make it back in time.
- Okay.
Pedal to the metal, then.
♪
- Hey.
- Thanks for coming over.
I couldn't bear to do it
on my own.
- I understand.
I'm here for you.
♪
- Thank you.
I'm the one who keeps
reminding Antonio
that we're keeping it casual.
Seeing other people.
♪
But watching him today,
the way he's always looking
after the vulnerable,
the people in need...
♪
He makes a pretty great dad.
- He does.
He does, but, um...
♪
Maybe--maybe you're just
thinking a bit emotionally
right now.
♪
- Maybe.
Or maybe this
was meant to be.
♪
.